add http port for show hosts (#1145)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/3.ngql-guide/7.general-query-statements/6.show/6.show-hosts.md

# SHOW HOSTS

> The `SHOW HOSTS` statement shows the cluster information, including port, status, leader, partition, and version information, or specify to shows the host information of Graph, Storage, or Meta service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SHOW HOSTS` statement shows the cluster information, including port, status, leader, partition, and version information. You can also use the statement to specify the host information of Graph, Storage, or Meta service.
```

> The `SHOW HOSTS` statement shows the cluster information, including port, status, leader, partition, and version information. You can also use the statement to specify the host information of Graph, Storage, or Meta service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `SHOW HOSTS` statement shows the cluster information, including the port, status, leader, partition, and version information. You can also add the service type in the statement to view the information of the specific service.
```

> The `SHOW HOSTS` statement shows the cluster information, including port, status, leader, partition, and version information. You can also use the statement to specify the host information of Graph, Storage, or Meta service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SHOW HOSTS` statement shows the cluster information, including port, status, leader, partition, and version information. You can also use the statement to specify a service to show the corresponding host information of Graph, Storage, or Meta service.
```
